Learn the Astro Web Framework
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-the-astro-web-framework/

Introducing freeCodeCamp Press – Free Books for Developers
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/freecodecamp-press-books-handbooks/

----------
JavaScript
----------

10 Github repositories to achieve Javascript mastery
https://dev.to/novu/10-github-repositories-to-achieve-javascript-mastery-50hk

Eloquent JavaScript
https://eloquentjavascript.net/

You-Dont-Know-JS
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/blob/2nd-ed/get-started/ch1.md

JavaScript Concepts to Know Before Learning Node.js
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-concepts-to-know-before-learning-node-js/

An AI / neural network...in vanilla JS!
https://dev.to/grahamthedev/a-noob-learns-ai-my-first-neural-networkin-vanilla-jswith-no-libraries-1f92

Creating a 13kb Game in JavaScript
https://dev.to/justaguyfrombr/creating-a-13kb-game-in-javascript-42g5

Clocks & Countdowns: Timing in CSS and JavaScript
https://dev.to/madsstoumann/clocks-countdowns-timing-in-css-and-javascript-554n

Async and Await in Vanilla JavaScript
https://dev.to/this-is-learning/async-and-await-in-vanilla-javascript-2mep

Observer Pattern
https://javascriptpatterns.vercel.app/patterns/design-patterns/observer-pattern

How to Build a Recipe App with Vanilla JavaScript 
https://dev.to/codewithsadee/how-to-build-a-recipe-app-with-vanilla-javascript-1ogm

How to Unleash the Power of Multithreading in JavaScript with Web Workers 
https://dev.to/this-is-learning/how-to-unleash-the-power-of-multithreading-in-javascript-with-web-workers-20m5

---
CSS
---

CSS trig functions: Practical applications
https://blog.logrocket.com/css-trig-functions-practical-applications/

Mastering Frontend Development: Essential Skills and Best Practices
https://dev.to/akshu3011/mastering-frontend-development-essential-skills-and-best-practices-2741

Top 5 must-know CSS layout techniques
https://zoaibkhan.com/blog/top-5-must-know-css-layout-techniques/

10 Sites to Level Up Your UI Skills
https://dev.to/keracudmore/10-sites-to-level-up-your-ui-skills-3e9m

Modern CSS in Real Life
https://chriscoyier.net/2023/06/06/modern-css-in-real-life/

CSS Tip
https://css-tip.com/

Mastering Flexbox in 2023: A Comprehensive Guide to Responsive Web Design
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/mastering-flexbox-in-2023-a-comprehensive-guide-to-responsive-web-design-15ce20ec00c7

Penpot’s Flex Layout: Building CSS Layouts In A Design Tool
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/06/penpot-flex-layout-building-css-layouts-design-tool/

Flexbox & Grid - 15 Visual Aids (requested)
https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/163wer1/flexbox_grid_15_visual_aids_requested/

Grid & Flexbox - 4 Visual Aids 
https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/163dxpx/grid_flexbox_4_visual_aids/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1

Demystifying CSS Container Queries
https://www.learnwithjason.dev/demystifying-css-container-queries

Say Hello To CSS Container Queries
https://ishadeed.com/article/say-hello-to-css-container-queries/

Future CSS: State Container Queries
https://ishadeed.com/article/css-state-queries/

Responsive CSS Layout Grids without Media Queries
https://www.sitepoint.com/responsive-css-layout-grids-without-media-queries/

How do you define the main sections of a web page using HTML
https://dev.to/matheushchaves/how-do-you-define-the-main-sections-of-a-web-page-using-html-253j

07 Website's you will love as a dev
https://dev.to/er_saifullah/10-websites-you-will-love-as-a-dev-24p7

------
DotNet
------

Get started with ASP.NET Core MVC
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/tutorials/first-mvc-app/start-mvc?view=aspnetcore-7.0&tabs=visual-studio-code

Web API Return Types in ASP.NET Core
https://code-maze.com/aspnetcore-web-api-return-types/

Blazor Components Library: Everything Developers Need to Know
https://gleexa.com/web/blazor-components-library/

Razor Syntax
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/razor-syntax


VS Code Explains - Ep3: LINQ in C#
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgojme5tvBM

Learn LINQ (Language-Integrated Query)
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/linq

LINQ Basic Concepts in C#
https://code-maze.com/linq-csharp-basic-concepts/
